# Agenda Week 3

---

Date:           Tuesday 28 February 2023  
Main focus:     Feedback  
Chair:          Abigail de Nooij  
Note taker:     Finn van Oosterhout

## [5-10 min] Start meeting

### [1 min] Opening by chair

*Here you check that everybody is present.*
Everyone is present and on time.

### [1-5 min] Check-in

*How is everyone doing?*

### [1-5 min] Approval of the agenda

*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

Fix the branches that are already merged?

### [1-5 min] Approval of last-week minutes

- Did everyone read the from the previous meeting?
- Does anyone have any objections to the minutes?

## [30 min] Main agenda items

### [5-10 min] 1. Feedback from TA

- *Feedback on the backlog draft*.
- *Feedback on the CoC*

Everyone has read the feedback.
For the code of conduct we need to revise all of the insufficient topics.
For Backlog we need to revise everything, so we can get a higher grade.

Working on the backlog (and other future things?) will be done by discussing, and then one person will change things in
git. Then in the merge requests everything will need to approve it.

Some epics in the backlog can be grouped.
EPICs don't have to be very big (e.g. tags could also be an epic).

Abi suggests that we use gitlab for everything/most things. Everyone agreed.

Issues are like a backlog. You create an issue for something you need to do.
Issues → Milestone → epics, that is the order in 'size'.
An example issue would be 'user is able to delete tag'.
We should use issues in gitlab.
Issue consists of a title, description and a lists of tasks which define when it is done. It can also block other tasks.

For merge requests, who will approve stuff. Add it to CoC? Go to part 3 for more.

### [5-10 min] 2. Git Assignment

- *How is everyone doing on the git assignment?*
- *Does anyone need help?*

Evy - finished
Rares - WIP
Kai - WIP
Finn - Finished
Romir - WIP
Abi - Finished

Help needed? Ask in Whatsapp.

–
Gradle
When do you need to build gradle? just once. After that just java run/build. Gradles syncs automatically.

Gradle only needs to be rerun if it has been changed.

Gradle bootrun = same as run in intelliJ, but for server.

### [5-10 min] 3. Additions to CoC

- *Discuss adding gitlab ettiquete to our CoC*

Fix insufficient CoC parts:

- Planning:
    - How will we divide work among eachother?
        - During meetings (not with TA) we will create issues, and assign them.
        - We will create issues after official backlog, and this will show our rough progress and what we still need to
          do.
        - We will create milestones for one week, and add issues for that milestone. Gitlab will show a graph for our
          progress.
    - Who will submit the deliverables?
        - Abi will submit the deliverables from now on
- Consequences
    - Being late for a meeting: the person will bring cookies the next meeting
    - Missing deadlines will have consequences either way with the git checks.
    - We raise our concerns to TA if someone misses deadlines a lot without any good excuses.
    - Depending on the excuse, we will give the person who misses the deadlines extra tasks.

Every week there will be a git inspector, to see how much code was written and by who. So soft deadlines will make sure
that we have something merged into main, so it shows that we actually did something.

We will choose reviewers for merge requests(2 people). We want the reviewers to have related/dependent tasks. Someone
else can still review if that is better.

We need two approvals for merge requests. We should still decide on conventions of merge requests. So weekly merges
should have everyone involved.
Dev branch is a branch, where we merge new features on. Then later we will merge dev to main.
We decided everyone needs to approve for dev to main branch.

### [5-10 min] 4. Additional agenda items?

*Here we discuss any additional agenda items if they were suggested*

Nothing.

## [5-10 min] End of meeting

### [2-5 min] Feedback round

*Here we discuss what went well this meeting and what could be improved next time.*

We found this meeting very productive.

### [2-5 min] Question round

*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

- Is there a specific deadline for the agenda and minutes?
- *Additional questions*

Kai suggested having a way to keep up with everyone on what they are doing/did. Romir suggested SCRUM document, that the
SCRUM master makes every week.

We should have an online meeting meeting at least for the weekly merge request. Possibly friday.

TA suggested we should start with creating endpoints, before beginning with the programming part.

### [2 min] Closing
