# Minute taking

Location: DW PC1 Cubicle 4  
Date: Tuesday 21st, Feb 2023  
Time: 14:45 - 15:30  
Attendees:  
• Kajetan “Kai” Neumann (Chair)  
• Abigail de Nooij (Minute-Taker)  
• Alexandra Marcu (TA)  
• Evyatar Hadasi  
• Romir Kulshrestha  
• Rares Popa  
• Finn van Oosterhout. 

NOTE: The minutes aren’t fully in chronological order. Some items have been shifted around to make the minutes easier to read and more coherent.


## Agenda-items

### Opening by chair
*Nothing important was said.*

### Check-in
*Nothing important was said.*

### Approval of the agenda
Evyatar suggested to talk about a potenial team-building activity

### 1. [Review & approve Code of Conduct]

Finn suggested to change the group name to Teletubbies and co. The rest was inclined to agree.

Finn talks about check style and how we should maybe add it to the CoC as the lecturer suggested. We plan on adding a standard set of rules (like Google’s) once we have the repository.

The current definition of late is poorly defined. Inclination was for 5 minute leeway.

### 2. [Work on the Backlog]
*We worked on the backlog. See the backlog for what was decided then.*

### 3. [Team-building Activity]
We’ll potentially do a team building activity. No specifics have been decided about what, when and where. Preferably during the week though since Romir doesn’t have time on weekends.

### Summary action points – Who, what, when?
We will finish off the backlog the backlog on Friday after uni. We will incorporate new information from the client Q&A. We will do this together via WhatsApp if this proves sufficient and otherwise we’ll use Google Meet to call.

### Feedback round - What went well and what can be improved next time?
The meetings should be more focused on what’s actually useful for the TA to attend, after the meeting we can work together on stuff without the TA’s presence.

It was affirmed that for next weeks roles, we will rotate based on the alphabetical order of last names. This means that next week Finn is the minute-taker and Abigail the chairperson.
  
### Question round - Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?
Alexandra mentioned that you have to make sure that you have a repository on gitlab. If you don’t you need to verify your email.

For now, documents should be uploaded to mattermost, but when we have the repository, everything should be uploaded there.

In additton, the time slots for the meetings will be rotated. Next week, we’ll be in time slot 3, in two weeks time slot 4, the week after time slot 1, et cetera.
### Closure
*Nothing important was said.*
