Minutes Week 7
==============

Date:           28th March\
Main focus:     Final planning\
Chair:          Eviatar Hadasi\
Note taker:     Romir kulshrestha

- opening
- still dont have mvp (should be done by friday)
- feedback on heuristic evaluation
    - execution insufficient
    - need more details
    - want to evaluate specific features
    - structure & language
        - abstract was not needed
        - consider having less lists
        - add subsections
        - make sure lang is formal
        - format imgs correctly
        - add descriptions to img
        - massive appendix unnecessary
    - rares: how to cite?
        - romir will send format
- kaj refactored to eliminate hardcoded things
    - build.gradle: lang level 19 (decided by vote)
    - boardoverview: unhardcoded (most of his work)
    - added to database
    - @onetomany works
    - should maintain a hierarchy
    - rename utils -> server
- schedule
    - friday: draft teamwork self-reflection
    - next friday: code deadline (mvp)
    - product page + video (8-9 minutes)
    - evy: finish code asap preferably this week
    - abigail: deadline next tuesday (4.4.23)
    - ta: do heuristic eval this week
    - in product material: lecturers don't look at code, should not be technical, try to sell it
- test coverage
    - commons 100% coverage
    - client: manual testing documentation
    - simultaneously create tests while implementing features (also to pass!)
- backlog
    - api, move method
    - make front end work with the server (almost done)
    - partially implement board list
    - card ui style
    - make ws sync actually work
    - fix popups
    - fix drag and drop and serverutils
- video: romir
    - draft by wed 1800
    - record by thu 1800
- next?
    - polish existing codebase
    - add multiboard
- finn, rares, kaj need to code more
    - finn: backend
