Date:           7th March\
Main focus:     Continuation of project\
Chair:          Finn van Oosterhout\
Note taker:     Rares Popa

## Opening

### Opening by chair

### Check-in

### Approval of the agenda
we should clean up the git branches

### Approval of last week minutes


## Topics of the day
### Backlog
talked about user stories as issues
distribution of the issues :
implementations of the entities were discussed and 
meaningful request means implementing any functionality to the code 
set a deadline for the merge requests into dev before the deadline on campus and we will talk about the merge requests 
talk about the scenes that Abi made 
we will talk with another team to swap projects and get feedback on the project for the Heuristic assignment 

every monday git inspection on main 
everyone will get 3 issues
assigned tasks:
evi : card issues 
abi: create ui issues
finn: classes issues
romir: synchronisation
rares: server
we will create the UI together with the backend part
all the issues assigned have been split and they are available on git


API discussion will be done outside the meeting 
when working on an issue, we will create a branch corresponding for that issue
### Continuation of the assignment

### Additionals

## End of meeting

### Next meeting

### Question round
